W-15771483-rpa-phasetransitioninformation-se (#386)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-manager/modules/ROOT/pages/processautomation-manage.adoc

= Managing Automations

> An RPA project consists of a business process to be automated and a team that is responsible for the automation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An RPA project consists of a business process to automate and the team responsible for the automation.
```

> When a project manager clicks the icon *Start automation* for a process in the *My Backlog* view of the *My RPA* module, RPA Manager creates a project for the automation of the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a project manager clicks *Start automation* for a process in the *My Backlog* view of the *My RPA* module, RPA Manager creates a project for the process automation.
```

> To automate a process already evaluated with a third-party tool, a project manager can alternativelely create an automation project directly in the following RPA Manager views:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To automate a process already evaluated with a third-party tool, a project manager can alternatively create an automation project directly in the following RPA Manager views:
```

Reviewer: I think your vale setup is not working at all - it would have caught that spelling error!

Author: Updated and checked again.

> * RPA Home

Reviewer: Are these UI elements? If so, they should be bold.
(Items in bold aren't translated.)

> * RPA Home

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *RPA Home*
```

> Once it's ready, transition the project to the next phase of its life-cycle. You can always transition back to change the project's design or implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once it's ready, transition the project to its next lifecycle phase. You can always transition back to change the project design or implementation.
```

> In the **Design** phase, you can do the following:

Reviewer: What does the double asterisk do? If it's meant to be bold, is "Design" a UI element? If not, then use plain text. Is "Design" a proper noun? If not, then use "design phase".

Reviewer: If you want to emphasize the phase, suggest using the definition list.
https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/MTDT/Formatting+with+Asciidoc#FormattingwithAsciidoc-UseaDefinition(DL)List(Key/Valuepair)

https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/lists/description/

Author: Changes to definition list.

> In the **Design** phase, you can do the following:

Reviewer: Design phase::
+
* Create or change...
Build phase::

* Create or change a process model in RPA Manager.
+

> Already implemented activities don’t lose their implementation if you don’t delete them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Already implemented activities retain their implementation unless you delete them. 
```

Reviewer: To avoid the double negative. And also, to put a positive spin.

> * Transfer the automation containing the new or changed models to the Build Phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Transfer the automation containing the new or changed models to the build phase.
```

Reviewer: If Build is a proper noun, keep the init cap. But I think phase should be lc.

Reviewer: https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/MTDT/MuleSoft+CX+Writing+Style+Reference#MuleSoftCXWritingStyleReference-propernouns

https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/MTDT/MuleSoft+CX+Writing+Style+Reference#MuleSoftCXWritingStyleReference-commonnoun

> In the **Build** phase, in RPA Builder, you can do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the build phase, you can do the following in RPA Builder:
```

* Download the model from RPA Manager.
* Change the model.
* Implement the activities.

> * If you want to version workflows, create and reuse activities in the Activity Library.

Reviewer: Should this be a hanging paragraph to the previous bullet?

> * If you want to version workflows, create and reuse activities in the Activity Library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (Optional) Create and reuse activities in the Activity Library to version workflows.
```

* Upload the changed and implemented model to the repository in RPA Manager. 
+

> There is always only one version of a process in the repository in RPA Manager. There might be another local version in RPA Builder. If you accidentally deleted an already implemented Activity, you might still be able to find it in RPA Builder - as long as you do not overwrite the model by downloading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only one version of a process exists in the repository in RPA Manager. If you accidentally delete an already implemented activity, a local version might be available in RPA Builder — as long as you don't overwrite the model by downloading.
```

Reviewer: What does this mean: "don't overwrite the model by downloading"?

Does the local version exist in RPA builder until they download it?

Author: Yes, it might. I added 'the newer one from RPA Manager' to clarify. In theory, the user should always check before deleting something. But since it's possible that more users collaborate, there migh tbe accidential deletions. You can find examples of this in the SE Slack channels:)

> * Transfer the automation back to the Design phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Transfer the automation back to the design phase.
```

+

> Already implemented activities don’t lose their implementation if you don’t delete them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Already implemented activities retain their implementation unless you delete them.
```

Reviewer: Maybe make this a partial so you can reuse it?

Author: Will add this to back log

> * Transfer the automation on to the Test phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Transfer the automation to the test phase.
```

Reviewer: Global: should "transfer" be "transition"? I think "transition" is more commonly used in this case (transition from one phase to another).

Author: Yes. Changed all. But it seems to be a very technical expert word to me, ,which I would personally prefer, because it's more precise. Is it also used in daily speak?

Author: The other thing is that users might use different terms to search for a topic. Using only one term (which is preferred in the style guide) might lead to users not finding what they search for. (This could be solved with a better search algorithm)

Reviewer: I think transition is often used for state changes. But you bring up a good point and something we've been thinking about - metadata for SEO.

> In the **Test** phase, you can do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the test phase, you can do the following:
```

* Test the implemented process model in different configurations. 

> * Transfer the automation back to Build phase to change the implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Transfer the automation back to the build phase to change the implementation.
```

+

> You can reuse or edit the test run configurations when you transfer the automation to the Test phase again. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can reuse or edit the test run configurations when you transfer the automation back to the test phase. 
```

> * When the tests are successful, transfer the automation to the Production phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When the tests succeed, transfer the automation to the production phase.
```

+

> If the project has been transferred at least once to the production phase and deployed to an RPA Bot for processing, it can no longer be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the project has been transferred at least once to the production phase and deployed to an RPA Bot for processing, you can no longer delete it.
```

> In the *Production* phase, you can do the following. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the production phase, you can do the following. 
```

> * Create and deploy a **Scheduled Run Configuration** to run the process automatically at defined times. 

Reviewer: Double asterisk?

> * Create and publish an **Invocable Run Configuration** to use it within other Salesforce products.

Reviewer: Don't use the UI label in this way. See:
https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/MTDT/MuleSoft+CX+Writing+Style+Reference#MuleSoftCXWritingStyleReference-UIelements

Author: replaced '**Scheduled Run Configuration**' and similar with 'scheduled run configuration'.
Is that ok?

Author: If I put it like this, the term seems wrong to me. The configuration itself is not scheduled/invoked/on-demand. The process that this configuration is referring to will be run scheduled/on-demand or will be invoked from somewhere else. 
Maybe we should have added a 'process' --> 'Scheduled Process Run Configuration' to the UI text...

Author: Let's keep this in mind for vNext....

Author: To answer your next question:
'process run' is not a direct action but results from deploying or invoking a run configuration.

Reviewer: If you use "Scheduled Run Configuration" as an adjective, it works in the sentence. 
For example:
Create and publish a **Scheduled Run Configuration** <noun> (action?) to do the thing...

> * Create and publish an **Invocable Run Configuration** to use it within other Salesforce products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create and publish an invocable run configuration to use with other Salesforce products.
```

Reviewer: Or "an **Invokable Run Configuration** <thingie> to..."

> * Create an **On-Demand Run Configuration** to start the process run manually.

Reviewer: Same issue. I'm not sure how to rewrite this.

Maybe "Click *On-Demand Run Configuration* to...."

> * Create an **On-Demand Run Configuration** to start the process run manually.

Reviewer: Is "process run" an action?

> * Create an **On-Demand Run Configuration** to start the process run manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create an on-demand run configuration to start the process manually.
```

* If you use activities from the Activity Library, you can xref:processoperations-upcomingprocesschanges.adoc[change the deployed version] in the *Upcoming Process Changes* view of the *Process Operations Module*.

> * Transfer the automation back to the Test phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Transfer the automation back to the test phase.
```

+

> You can reuse or edit the production run configurations when you transfer the automation to the Production phase again. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can reuse or edit the production run configurations when you transfer the automation back to the production phase. 
```

Reviewer: Can you have multiple run configurations per automation? If not, then make configuration singular.

Author: Yes, you can.

=== Transition to the Next Phase

> Once an automation project is ready, transfer it to the next phase. All elements you configured are saved for when you come back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After an automation project is ready, transfer it to the next phase. All elements you configured are saved for when you come back.
```

Reviewer: https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/MTDT/MuleSoft+CX+Writing+Style+Reference#MuleSoftCXWritingStyleReference-%22once%22

Reviewer: What does "are saved for when you come back" mean in this context? Does this mean that they remain in the previous phase? 

I wonder if you need this sentence or if the behavior is obvious/expected.

Author: This was explicitly requested by a user. The user's want to know if stuff they already created is retained when they transition the project to another phase and can be reused when they transition back.

. Open the *Process Management* view of the *Process Automation* module.

> . Click on the name of the category of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the category name for the project.
```

=== Transition to a Previous Phase

> If you need to rework an automation project, transfer it to a previous phase. All elements you configured are saved for when you come back.

Reviewer: Same question about "for when you come back". 

Something like:
RPA retains your previously configured elements from each phase.

* xref:rpa-manager::myrpa-start.adoc[Starting Automation of Approved Processes]
* xref:processautomation-prepare-project-category.adoc[Manage Process Categories]

> * xref:rpa-builder::activity-library-explorer.adoc[RPA Builder: Activity Library Explorer]

Reviewer: Do you need the hard-coded link text here? If not, suggest removing them to enable auto updating if those headings change.

Author: Hi Hanna, I removed the ones, that were identical. Sometimes, I think, it's necessary to addimformation. In this case to clarify what categories, I added 'process' and to indicate that the link leads to another product's doc, I added 'Builder:'. Cris and I use this latter format consistently throughout the RPA docs. And because I like symmetry, I added link text for all links:)
